Hi guys, in this video I want to show
you how to use this model 12.1 alpha
text to video model to create in like
this. Okay, let's go. Okay, first thing
first, let's open the GUI from here.
Run it.
Okay, now let's
let's go to templates.
From here, let's go down.
Okay, for this model I want to use this
one
2.1 alpha text to video. Okay, you must
download those uh missing models. Okay,
you can download from here by clicking
this download panel uh button and the
downloading is beginning or you can copy
the URL like this and add here and hit
okay.
Start download.
Okay, let's download one by one. Okay, I
start download like this. I finish it
from here.
Second one, copy URL.
Start download.
Third one.
Add URL. Okay. Start download.
Copy URL.
Start download.
The final one. Copy your red.
Add URL right here. Start now. Load.
Okay. Uh the downloading is finished.
Okay. Let's open folder. Now let's
close. Okay. We have
five files.
Okay. Let's uh copy it one by one.
>> Let's go here. Open the computer.
Let's go to model.
Okay. The first one
diff the fusion motor is one 2.1
text to be skated.
Where is diffusion model?
Okay, drag this one right here.
Second one Doris
Won alpha 2.1 SB
this is put
okay fine this put
to model
VI.
Okay. Where is it? There is two files in
the VI.
This me and this one.
Open it. Drag those. And the final one.
What it is.
Put it right here.
Okay. I think it's Let's run the page
and let's see. Okay.
It's work is successful.
Uh now this structure that I use okay
diffusion mod text must download like
this. Okay. After that first step is to
load the motor.
after that
where Laura leader is and the text
encoder and this one the video from the
text. Okay, let's use uh
this one or
uh you can use uh
prompt chrome chatgptt
what do you want okay after that we have
the steps
and the final video right here from the
desk let's run I want to use the default
want.
Okay. Uh to create this uh video,
it takes around 20 uh minutes to create
this video. Okay. Thank you guys for
watching this all for this tutorial.